#13: QueryResultRow conversion for Product types (#36)
AbsaOSS/balta: README.md

 * The transaction start and rollback are done automatically before or after the execution respectively of the `test` function provided

> Advantages of this approach is that the tests are repeateble, they are isolated from each other and the database is always 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advantages of this approach is that the tests are repeatable, they are isolated from each other and the database is always 
```

in a known state before and after each test.

## How to write tests

### [`DBTestSuite`](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/balta/blob/master/balta/src/main/scala/za/co/absa/db/balta/DBTestSuite.scala) class

The foundation is the [`DBTestSuite`](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/balta/blob/master/balta/src/main/scala/za/co/absa/db/balta/DBTestSuite.scala) 
class that provides the necessary setup and teardown for the tests to each run in its own transaction. It is an 
enhancement class to standard ScalaTest `AnyFunSuite` class.

> Besides that, it provides easy access to tables, query them and insert data into them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides that, it provides easy access to tables, queries them and inserts data into them.
```
